ticdc: update doc about ddl white list (#20080)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-overview.md

As shown in the architecture diagram, TiCDC supports replicating data to TiDB, MySQL, Kafka, and storage services.

## Valid index

Generally, TiCDC only replicates tables that have at least one valid index to the downstream. If an index in a table meets one of the following requirements, it is valid.

- A primary key (`PRIMARY KEY`) is a valid index.
- A unique index (`UNIQUE INDEX`) is valid if every column of the index is explicitly defined as non-nullable (`NOT NULL`) and the index does not have a virtual generated column (`VIRTUAL GENERATED COLUMNS`).

> **Note:**
>

> > When `force-replicate=true` is configured, TiCDC will forcibly [replicate tables without a valid index](/ticdc/ticdc-manage-changefeed.md#replicate-tables-without-a-valid-index).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When `[`force-replicate=true`](/ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md#force-replicate) is configured, TiCDC will forcibly [replicate tables without a valid index](/ticdc/ticdc-manage-changefeed.md#replicate-tables-without-a-valid-index).
```

> > When you set `[`force-replicate`](/ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md#force-replicate) to `true`, TiCDC will forcibly [replicate tables without a valid index](/ticdc/ticdc-manage-changefeed.md#replicate-tables-without-a-valid-index).

Author: ```suggestion
> When you set [`force-replicate`](/ticdc/ticdc-changefeed-config.md#force-replicate) to `true`, TiCDC will forcibly [replicate tables without a valid index](/ticdc/ticdc-manage-changefeed.md#replicate-tables-without-a-valid-index).
```

## Best practices

- When you use TiCDC to replicate data between two TiDB clusters, if the network latency between the two clusters is higher than 100 ms:

    - For TiCDC versions earlier than v6.5.2, it is recommended to deploy TiCDC in the region (IDC) where the downstream TiDB cluster is located.
    - With a series of improvements introduced starting from TiCDC v6.5.2, it is recommended to deploy TiCDC in the region (IDC) where the upstream TiDB cluster is located.

> - TiCDC only replicates tables that have at least one [valid index](#valid-index).

Author: ```suggestion
- The table to be replicated by TiCDC has at least one [valid index](#valid-index).
```

> - The table to be replicated by TiCDC has at least one [valid index](#valid-index).

Author: ```suggestion
- Each table to be replicated by TiCDC has at least one [valid index](#valid-index).
```

Author: updated according to https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/19663/files#r1924812270
